[Music]
dear mr. core three days ago my son
Bailey was taken by wolves no one in the
village will hunt them my husband will
come home from the war soon I must have
something to show him
so you come to kill it - kill the one
that took him I came to help if I can
to explain this if I can it's not the
first time people died out there
hillside this is heart with pieces of
bodies
[Music]
that's what you get when you talk to the
villagers people are dying it's real
enough Livas does it das you're the one
for my lawyer
yes he raised the dead I have no
questions were
ever seen anything like this before
behavioral terms of savaging no I'm not
talking about animals here mr. core well
if you say so
[Applause]
[Music]